README.md, before:

Project name: Simple Sentiment Text Analysis in Python

Hello, this is my second project of the series of projects i follow from Youtube. In tis project i will continue understanding python and general AI. In my journey i plan to
understand the concept better and get a better understanding how AI works.
Source: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7yh-TELLS1G9mmnBN3ZSY8hYgJ5kBOg-

Contents of the readme: 
1- How and what the goal exactly is of my journey.
2- About the project and what it does in short
3- Notes i take while learning , and notes about the code 
4- Error and problems i faced and how i fixed them
5- My thoughts about the project at the end of the project and what i plan to do next
6- HighLights of the course


1----------------------------------------- THE GOAL EXPLAINED IN DETAILS:

First of all i'm a second grade student at Gazi University. I want to see what ai is about and learn more about the subject. This is my official Fourth project about ai. My first experience was within a compition named Teknofest. Agter gaining interest in AI i'm willing to learn more about this topic and i think the best way to do that is through projects. So this is my Third YouTube based project. While learning i also intend to get a fuller GitHub page. So that's a double win-win. After finishing the project i intend to continue the YouTube playlist if it apeals to me and my goals.

2----------------------------------------- THE PROJECT IN A FEW SENTENCES:
The project goal is to scan a text and see whether the text is with written with a possitive attitute or a negative attitute.



3----------------------------------------- CODING NOTES:
Jupiter has been usefull the previous time. I will continue to use it. 


4----------------------------------------- ERRORS:


5----------------------------------------- THOUGHTS:




6----------------------------------------- HIGHLIGHTS:

Commit message:

Fixed the issue i had wth a small peice of code

README.md, after:

Project name: Simple Sentiment Text Analysis in Python

Hello, this is my second project of the series of projects i follow from Youtube. In tis project i will continue understanding python and general AI. In my journey i plan to
understand the concept better and get a better understanding how AI works.
Source: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7yh-TELLS1G9mmnBN3ZSY8hYgJ5kBOg-

Contents of the readme: 
1- How and what the goal exactly is of my journey.
2- About the project and what it does in short
3- Notes i take while learning , and notes about the code 
4- Error and problems i faced and how i fixed them
5- My thoughts about the project at the end of the project and what i plan to do next
6- HighLights of the course


1----------------------------------------- THE GOAL EXPLAINED IN DETAILS:

First of all i'm a second grade student at Gazi University. I want to see what ai is about and learn more about the subject. This is my official Fourth project about ai. My first experience was within a compition named Teknofest. Agter gaining interest in AI i'm willing to learn more about this topic and i think the best way to do that is through projects. So this is my Third YouTube based project. While learning i also intend to get a fuller GitHub page. So that's a double win-win. After finishing the project i intend to continue the YouTube playlist if it apeals to me and my goals.

2----------------------------------------- THE PROJECT IN A FEW SENTENCES:
The project goal is to scan a text and see whether the text is with written with a possitive attitute or a negative attitute.



3----------------------------------------- CODING NOTES:
Jupiter has been usefull the previous time. I will continue to use it. 


4----------------------------------------- ERRORS:
İ got a few errors regarding the output of the text.
First i got an error that the whole text could not be printed so i scaled up the text that could be printed.
Second i got a nltk error. İ fixed with a simple code that's given by VSCode itself.


5----------------------------------------- THOUGHTS:




6----------------------------------------- HIGHLIGHTS:
